Rentberry: A Decentralised Global Solution to Rental Industry Problems

Rentberry is a decentralised long-term rental system that utilises
          blockchain technology to help build a less costly rental process
          which is secure and convenient. It was founded in 2015 after its 
          founders discovered the myriads of problems that renters and landlords 
          go through during the rental process. It was first announced and made 
          public back in 23rd November 2017 and has been in operation for almost
          three years now. It launched its ICO on 5th December 2017 and will 
          continue to do so until 1st March 2017. So far Rentberry has managed to 
          raise a staggering $4 million and intends to go on until it reaches its 
          hard cap of $30 million.

Rentberry intends to fuse both blockchain technology and smart contracts technology to:
•    Simplify the rental process by providing a one-time online solution while uniting landlords and renters.
•    Foster the relationship between renters and landlords by providing verified information of both renters and landlords on the ecosystem.
•    Reduce the frustrations, scam rates, time delays and frictions caused by the use of a traditional rental process.
Key Features of Rentberry
 Rentberry intends to launch most of its services on the blockchain
 platform which will accept Ethereum cryptocurrency. However, it intends to do so while incorporating a few
 unique features that will give it competitive advantage over its competitors. 
 These features include:

 1.    Auctioning Technology.
Rentberry intends to deploy the use of Auctioning Technology to ensure that potential tenants are handed the ability to negotiate rental terms, bid, sign legal documents and pay all using BERRY tokens on the Rentberry website or App. 
2.    Security Deposit Crowd-sourcing. 
This feature enables all members of the Rentberry platform the ability to pay for someone’s security deposit up to 90% of it if they so wish. The choice to contribute will earn users a 3-7% interest in the form of BERRY tokens.
3.    Payment of Utility Bills.
In its quest to ensure that all activities pertaining to the rental process are brought online, Rentberry intends to partner with utility companies to enable users to pay utility bills online and directly from the Rentberry portal using Berry tokens. 
Rentberry Team Members
The Rentberry team is composed of 23 individuals who have 150 years of combined experience and 20 years of combined blockchain experience. The team comprises of 4 managers, 10 developers, 3 engineers, 2 designers, 1 marketing director, 1 content manager, 1 business developer and 1 sales manager. The most notable individuals are Alex Lubinsky, who is the CEO and founder of Rentberry and Lily Ostapchuk who is the CPO and a Columbia University graduate.
Rentberry Investors
As stated earlier, Rentberry has managed to raise about $4 million in two rounds from angels and institution investors. These investors are from different regions such as UK, Switzerland, Germany, France, etc. Rentberry has received backing up from various investors and partnerships. Prominent investors include JadeValue (cashBUS), 808 Ventures, Zing Capital and Beechwood Ventures. Rentberry also enjoys industrial support from different partners including Cryptonomos, Melrose PR, Applied Blockchain, Coinfirm, HelloSign and MoveInc. 
Rentberry Socials
The following are Rentberry’s social media accounts on various platforms. 
Here’s a link to Rentberry’s website demo: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVW9ByR-d60
Twitter account: @Rentberry
Facebook: Rentberry 
Medium: @Rentberry
Telegram: @rentberry
YouTube: Rentberry