Shping ICO
Native Token- Shping Coin
https://www.shping.com/
ICO Dates
22nd February-23rd March
Hard cap: $3 million
Soft cap: Not Listed
Initial cost-$ 0.01
Bonuses: 15%

The Shping Technology:
•    Powered by ethereum smart contracts and a private blockchain based on the Hyperledger Fabric.
•    Shping will have an app for easy scanning of products’ barcodes.
•    Shping aims at building a global product database. 
•    The Shping blockchain will help consumers, vendors and distributors validate the authenticity of products throughout the supply chain.
•    To incentivize the process of validating products and brands. Consumers can scan product barcodes and check for their authenticity on the Shping platform.
•    Creates a world of everyone involved in the supply of any goods and services to ensure products are checked for quality and originality.

Team
    4 Executive members.
    8 Members in the management department.
    5 Members in the development department.
    5 Members in the non-executive advisory board.
    15 strategic partners.
    Only 14 of all the members are employees.
The Team’s Capabilities
    Shping has an experienced and diverse list of staff.
    Shping has divided the company into different departments to improve work efficiency.
    The company has multiple partners in the Fintech space.
    All of the developers are experienced in the blockchain technology.
Accepted Currencies for the ICO
    US dollar (USD)
    AUS Dollar (AUD)
    Bitcoin (BTC)
    Ether (ETH)
    Ethereum Classic (ETC)
    Litecoin (LTC)
    DASH
    Zcash (ZEC)

Are Shping Coins pre-mined?
Yes- the coins are mined and distributed by Shping’s branch, Shping Pty Ltd. 
The ICO's Roadmap
    The Shping platform is already complete. It was launched on 30th June 2017.
    The current crowdsourcing activities aim to expand the platform to attract more downloads.
    During Phase 1- raised funds will expand Shping’s reach throughout the world.
    During phase 2, $5 million was raised and the funds were dedicated to expanding physical offices.
    The company’s roadmap is divided into development and expansion goals.
    Shping has offices in Australia, Singapore, China and Russia.
Partner Exchanges
Until Shping completes its fundraising activities, members will only be allowed to hold Shping coins on the platform. The management will make an announcement about partner exchanges in the future.

Is Shping’s Code Open Source?
The code is open source and available on Github so that interested developers can check it out, monitor changes or make suggestions on how to improve the platform.
Outsider Endorsements and Backing
    Shping has 5 advisory members, but they are all elected by the company’s shareholders.
    Shping has the backing of GSI- the organization associated with barcode reading and messaging.
Funding
    Shping has issued 5 billion shping tokens for the ICO.
    Each shping coin goes for $0.01
    The funds’ use will be highlighted on a phase by phase basis.
    Generally, the company shares half of the funds in a phase for development and half for expansion purposes.
    5 billion shping tokens will be held by the company.
    2% of the coins will be held by the team.

Social Media Channels
Telegram Channel- @Shping App
YouTube-Shping
Facebook-Shping App
Twitter-@Shping app
Reddit-shping coin
Finally, Shping has an affiliate program that allows consumers, retaile